#summary The list of things that need to be done.

== RC1 ==
=== Bugs ===
 * *Scale.* Fix private scale values. constrainedScale read only property, to maintain aspect ratio. Keep scaling on lookAt.

=== Review ===
 * *License.* Off the header and into a separate file. Update copyright info.
 * *Javadocs.* Review also comments.

== Post release ==
=== Scenes ===
 * *Layers.* Numbered layers that are rendered in separate containers. Scene.container should contain layers, and inside of those the individual object containers.
 * *Containers on children.* 
 * *Post processing loop.* Executed after the render loop. Used for effects such as depth shading, depth of field blur and near plane alpha.
 * *Face culling.* Based on its normal.

=== Cameras ===
 * *Field of view.* Property to adjust zoom and focus at once.
 * *Viewport.* With fustrum clipping at object and face level.
 * *Optical conversion.* To translate common camera settings.

=== Objects ===
 * *Tim's COLLADA* Integrate his classes.
 * *Phil's object formats* 3DS and MD2. Check MD2 for animation.1
 * *Polygon support* For non bitmap rendering.
 * *Face and vertex normals.* And UV sets.
 * *Texture interaction.* Covert screen to texture coordinates. Translate object events.
 * *Tessellation.* Review Alexander's work and incorporate into the engine.
 * *Extrude, revolution.* Check Joa and Sole's work.

=== Materials ===
 * *renderTriangle and renderPoly* Rendering now inside the materials to prepare for Ralph's materials.
 * *Ralph materials.* Flat, phong, bump mapping, environment mapping...

=== Tween animation ===
 * *Test Tweener.* In real production.
 * *Jim's 3D splines.* Check out his work.
 * *Parse COLLADA tweens.* From Tim's classes.

=== Skeleton animation ===
 * *Check out Tim and Jim's work.*

